Add Cilium (#2930)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Real-Time Communications](https://github.com/rtckit/awesome-rtc#readme) - Network protocols for near simultaneous exchange of media and data.
- [SNMP](https://github.com/eozer/awesome-snmp#readme) - A protocol for collecting, modifying, and organizing information about managed devices on IP networks.
- [Scapy](https://github.com/secdev/awesome-scapy#readme) - Python-based interactive packet manipulation.

> - [Cilium](https://github.com/seifrajhi/awesome-cilium#readme) - A networking, security and observability solution with an eBPF-based dataplane.

Reviewer: I would go with something like this:

```suggestion
- [Cilium](https://github.com/seifrajhi/awesome-cilium#readme) - Provides networking and security capabilities for containerized apps, microservices, and virtual machines.
```
